(Yuma)
Last time on
"Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal"...
I Xyz Summon...
Number 69!
Heraldry Crest!
You're face to face
with defeat, Yuma.
You may as well
come face to face...
with me!
♪
Your... your face.
Yes.
While I was wandering through
the chasm between dimensions,
I experienced this
interesting transformation.
Astral, there's only
one way to win.
You mean...
That's right, Astral.
Our only chance
to beat him
is with
the power of Zexal.
All right.
Go, Zexal Morph!
♪
Huh?
(all gasping)
(Astral)
When two distant souls
become one,
the power of
Zexal is revealed!
Appear,
Chaos Number 39...
Utopia Ray!
You're resilient like
your father, Yuma.
It's a trait
you both share
with cockroaches.
You can insult
my father and me,
but know that no matter
what you say or do,
you can never
make us give up.
♪
♪ If life is a game
they say I can't win ♪
♪ I'll never amount
to nothing ♪
♪ Tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid ♪
♪ To challenge myself ♪
♪ They won't ever
break my fire ♪
♪ My dreams won't die ♪
♪ If I high-five
the sky ♪
♪ Spread my wings ♪
♪ Take off
it's time to fly ♪
♪ Take a chance to make it
all the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ Take a chance believe ♪
♪ Nothing will
bring me down ♪
♪ No retreat when I leave
all my fears behind ♪
♪ My future's
still alive inside ♪
♪ Take a chance and chase
my doubts away ♪
♪ Believing gets me
through my darkest days ♪
♪ Take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ Take a chance forgetting
yesterday ♪
♪ Take a breath
my heart will lead the way ♪
♪ Take a chance I'll take
a chance today ♪
♪
That's Yuma.
(Vetrix)
I have to give you credit
for using Bacon Saver's
special ability, Yuma.
It's too bad
you can't use it again.
Why don't you give the crowd
a memorable show
and give up now?
You can play the part of
the noble but pathetic
losing duelist
and I can play
the winner!
No.
I'm not quitting
this battle.
Ever.
There are too many
people counting on me!
And I'm not gonna give up
and let them down!
Then you're just setting them
up for disappointment...
because
victory is mine!
And to prove that point,
I activate Heraldry Crest's
special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit,
I activate
the special ability
that it stole from
Utopia Ray.
This turn, Heraldry Crest
gains 500 attack points...
and Utopia Ray loses
1,000 attack points!
Great.
And now I'll finish you
with Utopia Ray's
special ability!
All right,
Heraldry Crest...
Attack Utopia Ray!
Dark Matter Demolition!
I activate
the trap Half Unbreak!
My monster isn't destroyed,
and I only take half
the damage
from your attack!
(yelling)
Yuma!
Oh no, Yuma's down to his
last 50 life points!
It's almost over,
Yuma.
♪
Yeah, you're right.
This duel is
almost over for you!
Your tenacity in the face
of certain defeat
reminds me
of your father.
And you're a loser
just like he is!
Don't you dare
insult my father.
Stay calm, Yuma.
I believe that
last attack
could be
a formula for victory.
It could?
Astral...
you don't really
think you can win
because Heraldry Crest ran
out of Overlay Units, do you?
Unfortunately, I have to
burst your bubble.
Sorry...
but I activate the special
ability of Twin-Headed Eagle
in my graveyard!
By banishing this monster,
Heraldry Crest regains two
Overlay Units!
I place one card
facedown and end my turn!
This is the worst jam
Yuma's been in.
There's no way
he can win.
Vetrix has
3,800 life points
and Yuma has 50!
Oh no...
Yuma...
I know.
We're both
in big trouble...
(groaning)
What is it, Yuma!?
Are you all right?
Are you...
(stomach growling)
Huh?
I'm... hungry.
So hungry.
How can you think of food
at a time like this?
It's not me who's
thinkin' of food, Astral.
It's my stomach.
I know!
Is that...
(Tori)
Yuma, catch!
Thanks a lot, Tori!
I know you have to
stay strong to win.
All right!
Boy, am I lucky
I remembered Tori
gave me this
duel fuel!
(chomping)
Has Yuma
lost his mind?
I don't know
about that,
but he's
definitely out to lunch.
Oh no.
Guys, if Yuma's hungry,
he's still in this!
That's right!
Yuma, chow down!
This is quite...
enjoyable.
Astral, I never saw you
eat anything before.
This is the first
time I have done so.
Well, we can't battle
on two empty stomachs!
It is strange.
The fighting spirit seems to
be strengthening within me.
See,
it's good for ya!
Yuma... you truly have
an appetite
for enjoying life!
Thanks, Astral.
Now let's eat!
I am confident
that we possess
the recipe for
success.
Believe in yourself.
Yeah!
It's my turn!
(Astral and Yuma)
At last I'm really
feelin' the flow.
So let all
the power inside us
flow straight on through
to our
Final Shining Draw!
(Astral)
This is what I have
been waiting for!
(Astral and Yuma)
I equip this card
on Utopia Ray!
Zexal weapon,
Tornado Bringer!
♪
And thanks to
Tornado Bringer,
Utopia Ray gains...
1,300 attack points!
That's not the only
bad news for you.
Tornado Bringer
prevents your effects
from destroying
Utopia Ray,
and Lightning Blade
stops you from destroying
my spells and traps.
Now go, Utopia Ray!
Attack
Heraldry Crest!
Rising Sun Double
Chaos Slash!
It's over for you!
Wrong again.
I activate
the trap Heraldry Burst!
With my Heraldry Burst...
all your Zexal Weapons
return to
your hand
and the battle ends.
♪
This can't be!
They were
the keys to--
And furthermore,
for every card
that was
returned to your hand
due to Heraldry Burst's
effect...
you take
500 points of damage
at the end of the turn!
And when your
turn ends, you lose.
Or to be more
accurate...
both of you lose!
(cackling)
I'm not giving up,
Vetrix!
I'm beating you!
Your objective
is admirable.
But do you have
any plan for achieving it?
Well, I...
You assumed that
I would have a plan
for defeating Vetrix?
Fortunately, your
assumption is correct.
Huh?
Why give the boy
false hope, Astral?
We both know you haven't
got a chance.
Is that so?
Vetrix, our victory has been
planned from the start.
We'll see.
Let's go, Yuma.
I'm ready, Astral!
(Astral and Yuma)
I activate the spell card
Zexal Catapult!
With this card,
I can summon
one Zexal Weapon from my hand!
So I summon Zexal Weapon
Lightning Blade!
(growling)
Pointless!
Did you forget?
I activate Heraldry Crest's
ability!
Heraldry Crest steals your
monster's special abilities!
I activate
the special ability
of Amarylease in my
graveyard!
By banishing
Amarylease Vetrix...
I can summon a monster
without tributing
that promises
to blow you away!
Appear, Tornado Bringer!
(growling)
Another pointless
strategy.
Heraldry Crest,
let's show them why!
Steal Tornado Bringer's
special ability!
Now it's absorbed
the special abilities
of two Zexal Weapons.
(girl)
Vetrix is awesome!
That's it.
He can't
win it now.
It's all over,
you guys.
Yuma!
I told you not to give him
false hope, Astral...
didn't I?
The false hope is yours.
Huh?!
You surely know
that Tornado Bringer
and Lightning Blade
are both Level 5.
Oh no!
With two overlay
monsters...
Exactly right, Vetrix.
I can now overlay
Level 5 Lightning Blade
and Tornado Bringer!
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon!
(Astral and Yuma)
Appear, Zexal Weapon Leo Arms!
(growling)
A Zexal Weapon
Xyz Monster?
(Astral and Yuma)
I equip it on Utopia Ray,
and Utopia Ray gains
3,000 attack points.
This is the beginning
of your end, Vetrix.
Impressive monster.
Too bad your
turn's over, Yuma!
You're wrong!
I activate Leo Arms'
special ability!
And that means...
my Utopia Ray
can attack again.
But I... I thought your
turn would be over now!
Sorry, Vetrix,
but I'm far
from finished.
Lightning Blade
and Tornado Bringer
had stopped Heraldry Crest
from using its special
abilities,
but now that they're gone,
I activate Heraldry Crest's
special ability!
See, Yuma?
This is Heraldry Crest's
true form!
(growling)
Heraldry Crest has the power
to destroy one card
on your field.
Destroy Utopia Ray!
Shatter Stream!
(growling)
I activate Leo Arms'
special ability!
Not only does it stop
Heraldry Crest's
special ability,
but it loses half
its attack points too!
No, that can't be!
Now go, Utopia Ray!
(Astral and Yuma)
Rising Sun Triple Chaos Slash!
♪
(screaming)
(beeping)
He did it!
Yuma
won it all!
All right!
Yuma just beat
Vetrix!
I knew
he'd do it!
Yeah!
(all cheering)
Yuma Tsukumo has won?
The winner of
the World Duel Carnival
is Yuma Tsukumo!
(cheers and applause)
Byron was defeated.
That is not the outcome
I anticipated.
But it doesn't
make a difference
because I'm going to strip them
of their Numbers anyway.
What is this?
I...
Vetrix,
what's going on?
♪
(groaning)
What?!
The Numbers!
You can't!
I won't let you,
Faker!
(yelling)
Vetrix!
♪
(all screaming)
Yuma!
(chuckling)
It's over, Byron.
Now that you've lost
the Numbers,
you've lost all
your power as well.
(yelling)
Goodbye, Byron!
Vetrix!
I'm gonna save us!
Yuma!
(yelling)
I've got you, Byron!
Just hang on!
Kazuma.
Vetrix, tell me
what's happening!
Yuma... Astral.
This Sphere Field
was created to absorb
all the power of
the Numbers!
Oh no!
What do you mean?
Faker knew that the two
finalists would be
in possession
of Number Cards!
This was his chance to put
the final pieces
of his plan in place!
This whole thing was a trap
from the beginning...
wasn't it?
Yes.
Faker wanted us to battle
so that we'd both
unleash
the full power
of our Numbers.
A set-up.
Ahh, ahh...
Let me go!
If you let me go, you might
be able to save yourself.
Get away
while you can!
No way.
I won't.
I'll never let go!
Why?
Why are you
saving me?
Why wouldn't I?
We just dueled.
So we're friends,
aren't we?!
Are we?
I may not know a lot
of things...
but I do know that
duels create special bonds.
And, Vetrix, that bond
is stronger than
anything in this world!
I guess
I get it now.
I finally understand you.
For me, dueling is
all about revenge,
but for you,
it's about friendship.
Yuma, I wish I could duel with
the same spirit you do
but I can't.
But the one thing
I can do
is make all
the wrongs I've done right!
So now I release all the souls
I captured!
♪
And so goodbye, Yuma...
Astral.
Vetrix!
♪
(Vetrix)
I'm so sorry...
(giggling)
We missed you, Dad!
(Vetrix)
I'll never forget
those times now.
Forgive me, my sons.
Vetrix!
♪
Astral!
(Astral)
Yuma!
(panting)
(woman)
We gotta keep moving!
(man)
It'll be fine, okay, guys.
Get out of here, come on!
Yuma!
♪
(Faker laughing)
I've been waiting
for this moment!
Yuma Tsukumo...
Astral!
(laughing)
Dr. Faker.
Now it's time for
the grand finale,
and that grand finale
happens to be the total
destruction
of Astral World!
(laughing maniacally)